So let's have a deeper look
at the integration between KMS and EBS.
So you cannot change the encryption keys
used by an EBS volume, but you can create a snapshot
and you create a new EBS volume
and then you can specify a new KMS key.
So the process is we create a snapshot,
and then we create a new volume,
and this is when the key is going to change.
So we can also automate cross-account
EBS KMS-encrypted snapshot copies.
This was very complicated to say.
So we have account A and we have an EBS snapshot in here
encrypted with the KMS key.
What's going to do is that we're going to share
this with a target accounts,
and we need to make sure from an IAM permissions perspective
that we have anything for grants, okay?
Because we're going to share this
and it's going to be used by a service.
So then once this is done, we can copy to us-east-1.
So it's going to be to the new account.
So it's going to be decrypted by the first KMS key
and it's going to be re-encrypt by the second KMS key.
The KMS key policy in the target accounts is a bit special.
So you'll have this one, and we're saying,
"Hey, we allow to create grants
for both these keys, for AWS resources."
That's the left part of this slide.
And on the right-hand side, we're saying,
"Hey, we can encrypt, decrypt,
re-encrypt using the first data key,
the first KMS key in the first account,
and the second KMS key in the second account."
So it should make sense by now,
but I would like to repeat myself
just to make things very clear.
So also for EBS encryption,
there's an account level setting so that you make sure
that every single EBS volume is going to be encrypted.
So if you enable this volume, but if you don't,
of course, they're not encrypted by default.
So you need to enable this on the per-region setting.
You go to your EC2 Console, Settings
and then you have EBS encryption.
And here you can define a default EBS key
to encrypt your volumes with.
So that's it for what you need to know between EBS and KMS.
I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.